Gemm optional bias (#2330)
onnx/onnx: docs/Operators.md

  input tensor B has shape (K, N) or (N, K), input tensor C is broadcastable to shape (M, N),
  and output tensor Y has shape (M, N). A will be transposed before doing the
  computation if attribute transA is non-zero, same for B and transB.

>   This operator supports **unidirectional broadcasting** (tensor C should be unidirectional broadcastable to tensor A * B); for more details please check [the doc](Broadcasting.md).This operator has **optional** inputs/outputs. See [the doc](IR.md) for more details about the representation of optional arguments. An empty string may be used in the place of an actual argument's name to indicate a missing argument. Trailing optional arguments (those not followed by an argument that is present) may also be simply omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This operator supports **unidirectional broadcasting** (tensor C should be unidirectional broadcastable to tensor A * B); for more details please check [the doc](Broadcasting.md). This operator has **optional** inputs/outputs. See [the doc](IR.md) for more details about the representation of optional arguments. An empty string may be used in the place of an actual argument's name to indicate a missing argument. Trailing optional arguments (those not followed by an argument that is present) may also be simply omitted.
```

Author: I ended up adding a new line rather than a space, let me know if you feel strongly about the space and I'll change it.

Reviewer: New line sounds good. Thanks.

<dd>Whether B should be transposed</dd>
</dl>

#### Inputs (2 - 3)

<dl>
<dt><tt>A</tt> : T</dt>
<dd>Input tensor A. The shape of A should be (M, K) if transA is 0, or (K, M) if transA is non-zero.</dd>
<dt><tt>B</tt> : T</dt>
<dd>Input tensor B. The shape of B should be (K, N) if transB is 0, or (N, K) if transB is non-zero.</dd>
<dt><tt>C</tt> (optional) : T</dt>

> <dd>Optional input tensor C. If not specified - assumed to be 0. The shape of C should be unidirectional broadcastable to (M, N).</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<dd>Optional input tensor C. If not specified, the computation is done as if C is a scalar 0. The shape of C should be unidirectional broadcastable to (M, N).</dd>
```

Author: Good change, I've implemented it.
